SITCOM-949: Add first draft of software plan for calibration (#3)
lsst-sitcom/sitcomtn-086: SITCOMTN-086.tex

% Optional: name of the document's curator
% \setDocCurator{The Curator of this Document}

 \setDocAbstract{

>  Current baseline plan for the year 1 minimum viable product as delivered for ORR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Baseline calibration plan describing the as-built system as delivered at the time of the Operations Readiness Review (ORR), and for use during year 1 of the LSST.
```

% Frequently for a technote we do not want a title page  uncomment this to remove the title page and changelog.
% use \mkshorttitle to remove the extra pages

\section{Introduction}

The basic question of photometric calibration of an astronomical survey is how
to take raw counts output from the camera (in arbitrary Analog-Digital Units
(ADU)) and convert these to calibrated fluxes in nanoJansky (nJy).  In order
for this procedure to yield uniform results across the camera and the sky, it
must take into account variations that are both achromatic (``gray'') and
chromatic, that latter of which depend on the spectral energy distribution (SED) of each
object.  This includes variations in the atmosphere as a function of time and
airmass; spatial variations in the filter and detectors; pixel size variations;
and various sensor effects such as charge transfer ineffeciency (CTI) and the
Brighter Fatter Effect (BFE).

> This technote describes the baseline photometric calibration plan for Rubin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This technote describes the baseline photometric calibration plan to be delivered by  Rubin  Construction and used in Data Release Production (DRP)  during at least the first year of the LSST. 
```

> Commissioning and the first year of data release production for the LSST

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Survey.  This includes plans on performing instrumental signature reduction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It includes plans for  performing instrumental signature reduction
```

> (ISR), which is also known as ``detrending''; correct flat-fielding;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(ISR), also known as ``detrending''; correct  flat-fielding;
```

background/foreground subtraction; and derivation of a uniform photometric
calibration over the full survey.  It also includes plans for generating

> ``calibration frames'' such as bias, darks, and various types of flats,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``calibration frames'' such as biases, darks, and various types of flats,
```

incorporating LEDs, a class 4 tunable laser, and a novel Collimated Beam
Projector (CBP).  We expect that this is not the final calibration plan for the

> LSST survey, but rather a first minimal viable product suitable for the first

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LSST survey, but rather an initial baseline suitable for the first
```

> year of survey observations to meet our required goals for repeatability and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
year of survey observations that will meet our required goals for photometric repeatability and
```

> uniformity.  Further improvements are planned to incorporate more effects,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
uniformity.  Further improvements are planned in future to address other effects such as parallel CTI and persistence, etc than can be done with the minimal system described in this document. 
```

Reviewer: Add a forward ref to Section 11

> although our plan is to take as much calibration data early on to be able to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We plan to take as much calibration data early on in the survey with the intent to 
```

> reprocess early data with improved algorithms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reprocess later with improved algorithms.
```

The calibration plan in this technote is heavily influenced by the Dark Energy
Survey, which achieved better than $2~\mathrm{mmag}$ uniformity over
$5000\,\mathrm{deg}^2$ in the Southern sky~(Rykoff et al. 2023).  In
particular, we refer the reader to Bernstein et al. 2017 (henceforth B17) and
Burke, Rykoff, et al. 2018 (henceforth BR18).

\section{Requirements}

> The requirements on calibration are defined in the Science Requirements Document (LPM-17). The photometric quality and accuracy of the LSST data products is driven by four main components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The requirements on calibration are defined in the LSST Science Requirements Document (LPM-17). The photometric quality and accuracy of the LSST data products is driven by four main components:
```

    \item Relative accuracy (color zero-points)
    \item Transfer to physical flux scale (external absolute photometry)
\end{enumerate}

The requirements for photometric calibration accuracy are specified using the
following error decomposition (valid in the limit of small errors):
%
\begin{equation}
    \mcat = \mtrue +\sigma+\deltam (x,y,\theta,\alpha,\delta,\mathrm{SED},t)+\Deltam
\end{equation}
%
where $\mtrue$ is the true magnitude defined by eqs. 4 and 7, $\mcat$ is the
cataloged LSST magnitude, $\sigma$ is the random photometric error (including
random calibration errors and count extraction errors), and $\Deltam$ is the
overall (constant) offset of the internal survey system from a perfect AB
system (the six values of $\Deltam$ are equal for all the cataloged objects).

Here, $\deltam$ describes the various systematic dependencies of the internal
zeropoint error around $\Deltam$, such as position in the field of view $(x,
y)$, the normalized system response ($\theta$), position on the sky
($\alpha$,$\delta$), and the source spectral energy distribution(SED).  Note
that the average of $\deltam$ over the cataloged area is 0 by construction.

> The SRD allocates error specifications for the griz bands, with a 50\% increase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SRD allocates error specifications for g,r,i bands, with  a 50\% increase expected for u,z,y bands
```

Reviewer: (see SRD p26:TABLE 14: The specifications for photometric repeatability. The listed values apply to the g, r and i bands. The PA1 and PA2 values in the u, z and y bands may be 50% larger.)

expected for $u$ and $y$ bands. These high level allocations are further broken
down to three main elements in Observatory System Specifications
(LSE-30). These are Instrument Throughput, Atmospheric Transmittance, and
Reference Star Catalogs. The full functional error budget can be found in LSST

> Document-9553.

Reviewer: This document is not easily accessible, open access,  nor is it easily useable in it's current form. I'd like to look at correcting this before going live with this document.

\begin{table}
\centering
\begin{tabular}{|c|c|c|c|c|}
\hline
Design Spec & Repeatability & Uniformity & Color Accuracy & External Absolute  \\
 (millimag) &  &  &  & Photometry \\
\hline\hline
Overall Specification & 5 &  10 & 5 & 10 \\
Instrument Throughput & 3 & 2 & 3 & -  \\
Atmospheric Transmittance & 3.5 & 4 & 3 & - \\
Reference Catalog & 2.5 & 9 & 3 & - \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

> \caption{TABLE NAME NEEDED}

Reviewer: It might be worth adding in a discussion of the minimum goals. It is not unlikely that in commissioning and Y1 we will only achieve (or demonstrate)  the minimum goal. This would not stop us from going on sky

Reviewer: Table names needed!

\label{tab:table1}
\end{table}
%
where $\textrm{m}_{true}$ is the true magnitude defined by eqs. 4 and 7,
$\textrm{m}_{cat}$ is the cataloged LSST magnitude, $\sigma$ is the random
photometric error (including random calibration errors and count extraction
errors), and $\Deltam$ is the overall (constant) offset of the internal survey
system from a perfect AB system (the six values of $\Deltam$ are equal for all
the cataloged objects).  Here, $\deltam$ describes the various systematic
dependencies of the internal zeropoint error around $\Deltam$, such as position
in the field of view (x, y), the normalized system response ($\theta$),
position on the sky ($\alpha$, $\delta$), and the source spectral energy
distribution (SED).  Note that the average of $\deltam$ over the cataloged area
is 0 by construction.

> 

Reviewer: The above paragraph is a duplicate of the paragraph following equation 1. It looks like deleting this second one would be the right choice but I'll leave it to you to decide.

(ref?).  This introduces approximately XX ADU of noise, which may or may not be
comparable to our read noise (TBD).

For some amplifier channels we need to additionally perform parallel overscan
subtraction.  One challenge of the parallel overscan subtraction is that hot
columns and saturated stars bleed into the parallel overscan region, making
these columns unusable for parallel overscan subtraction.  In addition, these
bright signals inject a crosstalk signal into the other crosstalk regions.
Therefore, prior to parallel overscan subtraction we perform crosstalk
correction on just the parallel overscan region (see Section~\ref{sec:xtalk}
for details on the crosstalk correction algorithm).  Additionally, we mask the
regions with saturated parallel overscan and interpolate along the columns.
Finally, we perform column-by-column parallel overscan correction.

\subsection{Saturation Flagging}

After overscan correction, we must flag pixels that are deemed to be
``saturated'' to ensure that these are handled correctly in the following ISR
steps.  We have yet to determine which definition of saturation/full-well is

> appropriate.  Possible definitions include (a) the PTC turnoff (where the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
appropriate.  Possible definitions include (a) the photon transfer curve (PTC) turnoff (where the
```

Reviewer: this is the first use of PTC

variance of pixel estimates deviates significantly from Poisson); (b) the level
at which the charge-transfer-inefficiency (see Sec~\ref{sec:cti}) cannot be
corrected; (c) the maximum possible observed value in a pixel; (d) the level above

> which the E2V sensors exhibit persistence effects.

Reviewer: Some discussion of the pros/cons of each of these definitions would be helpful, as well as how (quantitative criteria) and on what timescale we will make a choice on which to adopt.  Are all three being evaluated  during commissioning? Will a we converge on a single definition for the SVV surveys?

\subsection{Linearity Correction}

The response of the readout system is not completely linear, as the
amplification of the voltage in the sense node of the amplifier may not be
completely linear.  [There are other sources of non-linearity; this seems to be
the best place to do this correction, and I would like RHL help in describing
these.]

Our linearity correction model is a multi-node spline as original defined by
P. Astier (ref?).  The linearity correction per amplifier is derived from a
series of flat pairs illuminated at different flux levels and contemporaneously
monitored with a photodiode.  We need to take special care in accounting for
the different illumination patterns when the LED is used with different current
levels, as well as stray light, and gain variation as a function of temperature
(described below).

\subsection{Crosstalk Correction}
\label{sec:xtalk}

Every time a pixel is clocked out through an amplifier, there is an effect on
the voltages in the other amplifiers on the same detector.  This crosstalk
signal must be corrected by a full matrix for each detector that describes the
effect of each ``source'' amplifier on every ``target'' amplifier.  The

> crosstalk values for LSSTCam are around XX.  Furthermore, there is a

Reviewer: XX -- is this an "expected" xtalk value based on design/material or a measured as-built value? If the latter then maybe this number would be better for another "as-built" performance papers. This document is meant to describe the Rubin baseline strategy for calibration, not a performance characterization. (and you haven't provided similar numbers for other effects). If it is the former - make that clear.

non-linearity in the crosstalk response of the LSSTCam amplifiers.  These are
modeled as a first-order correction to the crosstalk matrix as a function of
source signal level (A. Snyder, thesis).

The crosstalk matrix coefficients were derived by A. Snyder using ``blobs''

> projected onto LSSTCam.  I do not know how much detail is needed here.

Reviewer: Probably just a reference to the paper/analysis and a summary of the key results.

\subsection{Bias Subtraction}

> After correcting for all of these effects, there may be some residual imprint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After correcting for the effects described above, there may be some residual imprint
```

> of some bias structure.  To generate a bias frame to subtract from the image we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of some bias structure.  To generate a bias frame, which will be subsequently subtracted from the science image,  we
```

> take a series of zero-second integrations, perform the above ISR correction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
take a series of zero-second integration frames, perform the ISR correction described above on each frame independently, and then take the median.
```

Reviewer: Is this what is called the "combined bias frame"?

> steps in order, and take the median.  Note that it is important to perform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that it is important to perform
```

Reviewer: This description is different to what is in [PUB-157](https://rubinobs.atlassian.net/browse/PUB-157)

crosstalk correction prior to bias frame creation to ensure that the crosstalk
signal from hot columns is corrected or else these will get imprinted on all of
the amplifier segments which is undesirable.

\subsection{Gain Normalization}

> In this step we convert the units of each amplifier from ADU to $\etron$ using

Reviewer: Perhaps emphasize here, so that it is very clear, that all steps up to this point were carried out in ADU. This was one of the focus points of calibpalooza, to defined the units that each step worked in. Or perhaps add a field to each subsection called "Units".

the gain measurement.  This is a two step process.  In the first step, we

> correct the image to account for the fact that the gain hasa small dependence

Reviewer: ```suggestion
correct the image to account for the fact that the gain has a small dependence
```

on readout board (REB) temperature ($\approx 0.06\%/{^\circ}C$), and we must
correct for any small temperature shifts to ensure all of our images can use
equivalent calibrations.  In the second step, we use the gains ($\etron /
\mathrm{ADU}$) to convert each amplifier from ADU units to $\etron$ units.

The gain dependence on temperature was estimated via [a method to be TBD] using
a dataset [TBD].

After correcting for the temperature shifts, we use the photon transfer curve
(PTC) analysis to measure the gain from each amplifier (ref).  The PTC analysis was
done with XX flat pairs.  Details to be described.

\subsection{CTI Correction}
\label{sec:cti}

Now that we have corrected for all the amplifier effects, we can now correct
for effects that are in the detector itself.  The first of these is charge
transfer inefficiency (CTI).  As charge is clocked along the serial registers,
there is a small amount of charge that may be left behind.  In the LSSTCam
detectors this is due to charge traps as described in a model from Snyder et

> al.  (ref).  The details of the CTI correction algorithm and method of building

Reviewer: A. Snyder and A. Roodman, “Investigation of Deferred Charge Effects in LSST ITL Sensors,” arXiv e-prints , arXiv:2001.03223 (2020)   -- but what about in e2v detectors?

defects which are determined from looking at low outlier pixels in the combined
flat field frames.  Additionally, we mask all pixels in a 7 (?) pixel border
around each detector which have very strong lateral electric field distortions
at this stage.

After masking, these pixels are interpolated for visual fidelity using an
interpolation algorithm that I actually don't know what it is.

\subsection{Dark Subtraction}

As the exposure is integrating charge, there is some small amount of dark
current that accumulates.  We determine the dark current by taking a series of
30 second images (to match the survey integration time) and taking a median
combination.  The typical dark current is small (XX electrons per second) but
may be larger for some amplifiers.

\subsection{Brighter-Fatter Correction}

The Brighter/Fatter effect (BFE) is the result of the fact that as charge
accumulates in a pixel it will distort the local electric field and push later
arriving photocharges away, with the net result that brighter objects have a
slightly broader point spread function (PSF).  The BFE kernel is derived from
flat field pairs, as this effect will create pixel-to-pixel correlations in the

> flats.  See Broughton et al. for details on our algorithm for estimating the BF

Reviewer: A. Broughton, Y. Utsumi, A. Plazas Malago ́n, et al., “Mitigation of the Brighter-Fatter Effect in the LSST Camera,” arXiv e-prints , arXiv:2312.03115 (2023).

Reviewer: [PUB-157](https://rubinobs.atlassian.net/browse/PUB-157) has a lot more detail on the B-F effect  -- can some of that be included here?

kernel as well as correcting it in the pixel images.

\subsection{Applying Flat Fields}

After the above series of steps, we have an unflattened, gain normalized image
with sensor effects removed.  See below for some details on flat fielding.  I'm
not sure how much detail to put here, since the detailed flat discussion is

> part of the photometric calibration.

Reviewer: Perhaps just a high-level description of the process with a forward reference to the discussion in the photometric calibration section.

+ 2.5\,\mathrm{log}_{10} \left ( \frac{\int_0^{\infty}
  F_\nu(\lambda)\,\Sobs(\lambda)\,\lambda^{-1}\,d\lambda}{\int_0^{\infty}
  F_\nu(\lambda)\,\Sstd(\lambda)\,\lambda^{-1}\,d\lambda} \right ),
\end{equation}
%
where $\Istd$ is defined as in Eqn.~\ref{eqn:Iobs}.

The decomposition in Eqn.~\ref{eqn:deltastd} is very useful.  First of all, the
first term is independent of the SED, and the SED-dependent ``chromatic
correction'' is entirely in the second term.  Second, the chromatic correction
term goes to zero if either (a) the source SED is completely flat (as with the
reference AB spectrum or (b) the observed passband $\Sobs(b)$ is equal to the
standard passband $\Sstd(b)$.  Therefore, it is important to choose a standard
passband as close to the ``typical'' observing conditions as possible in order
to minimize the chromatic corrections, and to ensure that averaging over many
observed passbands tends toward the mean (standard) passband.  For LSSTCam this
is made more challenging by the different shapes of the QE curves of the two
types of detectors (E2V and ITL), and so we must decide whether to choose one
or the other shape as the standard, or to ``split the baby'' and choose

> something in the middle that is representative of neither.

Reviewer: How are we going to make this decision and on what timescale? I presume that we will need a choice by the start of DP2 processing.  Will we try and compare the different methods on commissioning and use that as the basis to make a decision? A short description of the pros and cons and process to a decision would be helpful.

bands), but for Y1 we are assuming any chromatic variations are assumed to be
constant at the detector scale and described by the
$S^{\mathrm{CBP}}(\lambda)$.  Therefore, this term is just the achromatic
(gray) portion of the instrumental throughput which can vary from pixel to
pixel.

The reference flux flat has a few key differences from the ``dome flat'' which
is obtained by measuring the response to a Lambertian source of light such as
the dome screen.  First of all, the dome flat contains a factor of the pixel
area $\Omega(x, y)$, which means that it assumes pixel size variations are QE
variations.  Second, there are differences in focused and scattered light
patterns from a flat field screen and distant sky sources.  Third, the dome
flat is contaminated by scattered light.  Finally, the SED of the dome flat
does not match the reference spectrum.  This final problem we will fix in
future data processing by synthesizing broadband flats from narrow-band flats.
Nevertheless, we still start with dome flats as they are the most efficient way
of measuring the relative response of all the billions of pixels in LSSTCam on
small scales.

> The dome flat is a good start for estimating the reference flax flat, but has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dome flat is a good start for estimating the reference flux flat, but has
```

dome flat which includes unfocused and scattered light.

To handle lateral electric field effects we fit templates based on our physical
knowledge of the detectors.  This includes radial templates for tree rings with
a fixed center, and square templates around the edge of the detectors.  The
exact methodology is TBD.

To handle large scale variations for LSST Y1 we use a ``star flat'' generated
from a sequence of multi-band dithered observations of a moderately dense star
field.  These observations are cross-calibrated using FGCM to generate
per-detector polynomial approximations of the throughput relative to the dome
flat at scales of hundreds of pixels and greater.  By making use of stars of
various colors, the FGCM solution can approximate the star flat terms for a
flat reference spectrum.

In the future, we plan to use what we call the ``dynamic'' CBP, where the
synthetic stars from the CBP are dithered around the full focal plane.  The
advantage of this is that the response can be more carefully controlled, and it
can be performed in narrow wavelength steps to build up the dynamic CBP star
flat with any arbitrary spectrum.  The software to perform this analysis will

> not be ready by the completion of construction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not be ready by the completion of construction and will be developed in the early years of the LSST
```

\subsection{Atmosphere Response}

The attenuation of light due as it propagates through the atmosphere includes
absorption and Rayleigh scattering from molecular constituents (primarily $O_2$
and $O_3$); absorption by preciptable water vapor (PWV), Mie scattering by
airborne particulate aerosols that have physical sizes comparable to the
wavelength of visible light; and shadowing by ice crystals and water droplets
in clouds that is independent of wavelength.

This can be summarized with the following equation:
%
\begin{equation}
S^{\mathrm{atm}}(\mathrm{alt}, \mathrm{az}, t, \lambda) =
S^{\mathrm{molecular}}(\mathrm{bp}, \mathrm{zd}, t,
\lambda)\,S^{\mathrm{PWV}}(\mathrm{zd}, t,
\lambda)\,e^{-(X(\mathrm{zd})\,\tau(t, \lambda))},
\end{equation}
%
where $S^{\mathrm{molecular}}$ is the absorption and scattering from dry gasses
(primarily in the u, g, and r bands); $S^{\mathrm{PWV}}$ is the absorption by
water vapor (primarily in the z and y bands); $\tau$ is the aerosol optical
depth (AOD); $X$ is the airmass; and $\mathrm{bp}$ is the barometric pressure.

> Following FGCM, we obtain the molecular scattering using MODTRAN (ref) combined

Reviewer: From http://modtran.spectral.com/modtran_faq#what_ref

What reference(s) should be used for MODTRAN?
Recent MODTRAN publications include [Berk et al., 2014; 2015]. The 2014 paper should be used as a general MODTRAN reference, while the 2015 paper focuses on the MODTRAN line-by-line algorithm:

1. A. Berk, P. Conforti, R. Kennett, T. Perkins, F. Hawes, and J. van den Bosch, ["MODTRAN6: a major upgrade of the MODTRAN radiative transfer code,"](http://proceedings.spiedigitallibrary.org/proceeding.aspx?articleid=1882598) Proc. SPIE 9088, Algorithms and Technologies for Multispectral, Hyperspectral, and Ultraspectral Imagery XX, 90880H (June 13, 2014); doi:10.1117/12.2050433.

2. Alexander Berk, Patrick Conforti, and Fred Hawes, ["An accelerated line-by-line option for MODTRAN combining on-the-fly generation of line center absorption with 0.1 cm-1 bins and pre-computed line tails,"](http://spie.org/Publications/Proceedings/Paper/10.1117/12.2177444) Proc. SPIE 9471, Algorithms and Technologies for Multispectral, Hyperspectral, and Ultraspectral Imagery XXI, 947217 (May 21, 2015); doi:10.1117/12.2177444

resolution spectroscopy of bright (sixth magnitude) stars.  The mode of
operation of AuxTel has not yet been finally determined.  We are likely to use
different modes in observing when LSST is targeting $ugri$ bands (where more
care needs to be taken with the aerosols and ozone) and when LSST is targeting
the $zy$ bands (where we need to know the PWV to high precision).

In the first iteration, we plan on using the AuxTel model outputs to validate
the FGCM atmospheric model which is determined from the broadband multi-color
photometry of the stars observed on a given night.  In the future, we may use
AuxTel to provide priors on the atmospheric model fit.  Considerable care will
have to be taken to ensure that outliers from the spectroscopic fits do not
contaminate the model used in the broadband photometry.  We do not plan to use
satellite measurements of atmospheric constituents as priors as the resolution
is low enough to be contaminated by observations of neighboring valleys rather
than the mountain peak where the telescope is sited.

\subsection{Integrating Over Sources}

This short section will discuss PSF modeling and aperture photometry and the

> finit size of stars (and galaxies) and the care that needs to be taken with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
finite size of stars (and galaxies) and the care that needs to be taken with
```

fluence or surface density images, following B17.

\subsection{Foregrounds and Backgrounds}

What to do about foregrounds and backgrounds, including fringes?  These needs
to be written.

\subsection{Global Calibration}

\section{Flat Field System}

\section{CBP}

Flatfield system consists of four main parts: a calibration screen, an aspheric reflector optic, a tunable laser and a white light system. 

> The calibration screen will be illuminated by either the white light system or a tunable laser. The white light system will be used for daily flats, while the tunable laser will be used to create monochromatic flats. Both illumination systems are mounted on the dome and co-rotate with the calibration screen. The output of each is co-located at the center of the calibration screen and can be switched between. In order to project that light onto the screen, and additional optic is mounted on the back of the camera and pancake wrap. This is located precisely 3 meters from the projector. It is critical that the projector is aligned with the reflector to ensure a flat illumination pattern on the calibration screen. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The calibration screen will be illuminated by either the white light system or a tunable laser. The white light system will be used for daily flats, while the tunable laser will be used to create monochromatic flats. Both illumination systems are mounted on the dome and co-rotate with the calibration screen. The output of each is co-located at the center of the calibration screen and can be switched between. In order to project that light onto the screen, an additional optic is mounted on the back of the camera and pancake wrap. This is located precisely 3 meters from the projector. It is critical that the projector is aligned with the reflector to ensure a flat illumination pattern on the calibration screen. 
```

\subsection{Calibration Screen}
The calibration screen is a large reflective surface that can be aligned with the primary mirror and send diffuse light directly to the telescope and camera. It is large enough to illuminate the whole telescope at one time. The surface itself has a diameter of 10.27 meters and an inner diameter of 3.18 meters. Of this area, the section from a diameter of 4.18 - 9.27 meters is coated with a highly reflective material. The outer and inner rings are coated with a very absorptive material. The screen is built of several small panels, with 16 panels making the outer ring and 8 panels making the inner ring. They are secured to a structure such that they are all flat to 3mm across the whole surface. The panels are coated with Labsphere Permaflect 94\% and 5\% respectively. 

> The structure on which the panels are mounted can rotate from 0 to -23 degrees relative to horizontal using an actuator. In this way, it can be tilted so that the optical axis of the telescope aligns with teh optical axis of the screen. There will also be 4 retroreflectors mounted around the screen that can be seen by a laser tracker that is mounted on the telescope so that the screen can be easily aligned with the telescope on a daily basis. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The structure on which the panels are mounted can rotate from 0 to -23 degrees relative to horizontal using an actuator. In this way, it can be tilted so that the optical axis of the telescope aligns with the optical axis of the screen. There will also be 4 retroreflectors mounted around the screen that can be seen by a laser tracker that is mounted on the telescope so that the screen can be easily aligned with the telescope on a daily basis. 
```

Requirements for the screen can be found in LTS-523 and drawings can be found in LTS-126.

\subsection{Reflector}

> The optic that is used to illuminate the calibration screen in full take the shape of an asphere, which is a radially symmetric optic with a radius of curvature that varies radially. The Rubin Observatory aspheric reflector optic was made from a single piece of aluminum, which was necessary given it's unique shape. The shape of the asphere is given by the following function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The optic that is used to illuminate the calibration screen in full takes the shape of an asphere, which is a radially symmetric optic with a radius of curvature that varies radially. The Rubin Observatory aspheric reflector optic was made from a single piece of aluminum, which was necessary given it's unique shape. The shape of the asphere is given by the following function:
```

\paragraph{\textbf{Fiber Spectrograph}}

The spectral response of the injected light will be measured by a pair of fiber-fed spectrographs from Avantes SensLine, one for the blue wavelengths (range) and one for the red (range). These spectrographs will actually be housed in the central projection area in the center of the calibration screen. This is where light from the laser can be projected on the calibration screen. The fibers will be situated such that they will measure some fraction of reflected light within the projector box. When we want to measure the spectral response of the light, we will inject the fiber that runs to the calibration screen, take our measurement, and then send the laser light to the CBP. This assumes that the spectral response will not change from one output to another, which we will have to confirm.

The data from the spectrographs will be saved in a fits file in the lfa that will include the wavelength array and the counts measured by the spectrograph at that spacing.

\section{CBP}

> The Rubin CBP was built by DFM Engineering. 

Reviewer: Add a reference/link to https://www.dfmengineering.com/

The design is essentially a Schmidt camera used in reverse. 
It includes a primary mirror of 33cm diameter, Schmidt Corrector and a 3-element Flat Field Corrector. 
It produces a beam with an aperture of 24.1 cm and a field of view of 4.1 degrees. 
The focal length of the CBP is 625mm, and with the LSST focal length at 10.1m, the magnification factor is 16. Therefore, a 100$\mu$m pinhole on the CBP would correspond to 1600 $\mu$m, or 160 pixels. 

\begin{table}[h!]
    \centering
    \begin{tabular}{|c|c|}
      \hline
       Aperture   & 24.1 cm \\
      \hline
      Focal Length   & 62.5 cm \\
      \hline
      Field of View & 4.1 degrees \\
      \hline
    \end{tabular}
    \caption{CBP Specifications}
    \label{tab:my_label}
\end{table}

> The mount of the CBP allows movement in Azimuth and Elevation, with a swing diameter of 51.8". 

Reviewer: Units - the rest of the document uses metric, be consistent.

Additionally, the DMC controls the focus of the primary mirror and changes and rotates the masks. 
The azimuth and elevation stages are absolutely encoded with a Renishaw 26-bit on axis encoder. 

\begin{figure}[h]
    \centering
    \includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{cbp_drawing.png}
    \caption{CBP Major subsystems}
    \label{fig:cbp_major_subsystems}
\end{figure}

At the focal plane sits the mask stage, which can hold 5 different masks. The masks can be rotated, driven by worm gears such that all masks are rotated on a common shaft by a single motor. The center mask stage is position encoded using a Renishaw absolute rotary encoder. The mask holder can hold masks with a diameter of 50 mm. Each mask will be laser etched into aluminium and are removable/interchangeable. 

The current Integrating Sphere installed on the CBP is a Labsphere 3P-GPS-060-SF. 
This integrating sphere has an interior diameter of 6 in. (152.4mm) and an exit port of 2.5 in. (63.5 mm), coated with spectraflect coating. 
In the exit port a photodiode will be mounted and it will be illuminated by an optical fiber.
The integrating sphere is held to the mask stage with standoffs. 

> It sits $\sim 3$ in. from the focal plane/mask. 

Reviewer: As before - Units - the rest of the document uses metric, be consistent.
